how to propagate a monstera albo cutting in water
best dog food for golden retrievers with skin allergies
best supplement for joint pain
Is email marketing good for small businesses?
It's a simple, light bomber-style jacket has a few pockets in the front. It's not heavy and bulky, just light enough to be sort of a wind breaker. Please provide some product recommendations for me
This laptop will have High spec, good memory, lots of power, it will be a 2 in 1 , detatcgable keyboard, maybe sony, samsung, Lenovo, probably 4k capabilities, wide screen, at least 12 inches, I estimate £500 Please provide some product recommendations for me
Are women more demanding these days? If so what problems is it causing for generation Y?
What is the worst that could happen with Trump being president?
In what year was the university where Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev was a professor founded?
Black Book starred the actress and writer of what heritage?
Is Bone Marrow transplantation used to treat acute myeloid leukemia (AML)?
Did the entire state of Florida lead the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud?
Can I be source of energy that create universe?
Black, mid-weight jacket with cell phone pocket and headphone jack in top pocket Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would order the newest macbook pro and probably get a pink laptop case to match. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'll get something loose, and easy to move around in, preferably blue. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want an apple laptop which is fast and reliable. Something which is fast and efficient and something that looks great quality and attractive. Please provide some product recommendations for me
i would buy the fastest laptop, it would be an Apple, but one that will last and be good value for money Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want an apple laptop because they are the most reliable in my opinion Please provide some product recommendations for me
A workhorse; something that can keep up with a traditional desktop PC and provide the power I need for graphic design and gaming. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The jacket I would choose as a replacement is a leather jacket  Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a better laptop. I would want something with a good amount of RAM, and some processing power so that programs like Word and Excel don't slowdown. Memory means little to me, as I have external harddrives I can just transfer any big files to them, and much of the programs that I do use make use of Cloud saves.  Please provide some product recommendations for me
blue suede zip up jacket with warm lining and pockets Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like a jacket which is approximately 40inch chest, ideally the colour blue, has multiple pockets and is relatively lightweight to enable me to use it in a warmer climate. Please provide some product recommendations for me
One to last a few years, with a powerful GPU for gaming that would be able to handle virtual reality programs. It would likely require a lot of storage space as well, but I would choose one with a solid state drive versus a hard drive as the former has no moving parts and less chance of failure. Please provide some product recommendations for me
"I would purchase a jacket that is suitable for both warm and cool weather, it would have long sleeves and a zip down the middle rather than buttons.
It would have a colour that could be popped and it would be a dark colour. " Please provide some product recommendations for me
id buy a laptop with a large internal hard drive so I can store plenty of files on it. id buy one that was capable of running windows. it would need to have good processing power and load rapidly. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy a lightweight laptop that ran on microsoft not apple as its easier for work. I'd not consider a hybrid or 2 in 1 type of device as I dont believe they are as robust Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy an apple mac book air as they are light fast and easy to use Please provide some product recommendations for me
"I would purchase a jacket that is suitable for both warm and cool weather, it would have long sleeves and a zip down the middle rather than buttons.
It would have a colour that could be popped and it would be a dark colour. " Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want to choose a laptop that is easy to use and portable. I want it to be  intuitive and simple. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want to but a laptop with a 17 inch screen, a decent processor and a solid state hard drive. I need a minimum of 8 gigs of memory.  Graphics are not really that important. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Should growth hormone and antibiotic use in livestock be banned?
When does political correctness become lies and free speech become hate?
How could religion teach it's members peace, goodness, morality and tolerance and also be used as the basis for instigating violent acts?
Why World War III are inevitable?
Who do you think is going to win the presidential elections and why?
Is feminism irrelevant in the 21st century?
Which religion is the most peaceful?
Should school curriculums include comprehensive education on climate change and environmental issues?
Is it possible for God to prove he does not exist?
Why are most people so evil today?
Do you think that political correctness serves any specific purpose or makes society a better place?
Should voting be made compulsory?
Do standardized tests improve education in America?
Do you think that when a married man cheats, people always blame the woman he cheated with but not the man himself. If so, why?
How can I convince someone to not vote for Trump?
Is spelunking the same as caving?
Is sitting the new smoking?
Does social media reinforce tribalism and undermine free thought?
Which actor does American Beauty and American Beauty have in common?
Ken Pruitt  was a Republican member of an upper house of the legislature with how many members ?
Between Greyia and Calibanus, which genus contains more species?
Did John Updike and Tom Clancy both publish more than 15 bestselling novels?
Who was hung for assisting the attempted surrender of a defector from the American Continental Army to the British Army?
which Mexican and American film actress is Ethel Houbiers  French voice of
Which major international airport in south-east England ranks as the 8th busiest airport in Europe and replaced Croydon Airport?
Isabella Kelly was born at a ruined castle characterized as one of the most isolated fortifications in Britain by who?
The facility where Robert Croft worked as a navy instructor was also known as?
Who released the song "With or Without You" first, Jai McDowall or U2?
Which "Roseanne" star is in Scream 2?
In what city is the company that Fastjet Tanzania was originally founded as a part of prior to rebranding based?
What is the name of the Australian specialist electronic music magazine that features avant-rock, experimental sound art, and experimental hip hop?
What is the population of the city that Munsonville is in the northwest corner of?
"I would purchase a jacket that is suitable for both warm and cool weather, it would have long sleeves and a zip down the middle rather than buttons.
It would have a colour that could be popped and it would be a dark colour. " Please provide some product recommendations for me
A Pair of Brown Eyes and Wild Mountain Thyme is based from what artists song?
Armageddon in Retrospect was written by the author who was best known for what 1969 satire novel?
What class of instrument does Apatim Majumdar play?
Which movie did Disney produce first,  The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh or Ride a Wild Pony?
Has Joe Biden admitted he was wrong on the Iraq War, like he did with the Hyde Amendment?
Are there approximately 70,000 absentee ballots in Wisconsin without matching ballot applications as required by law?
Could Senator Mitt Romney be removed from office due to his guilty impeachment vote?
Did 4 million kids receive health insurance through the Children's Health Insurance Program before the passage of the healthcare bill?
Did the African-American community lose half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse?
Are Senate Republicans following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election year?
Did the CDC change its international travel recommendations in mid-May to require fully vaccinated people to test negative for COVID-19 before flying to the United States?
Did the Coast Guard confiscate 200 tons of contraband, heroin, and so forth? Did they collect 20 tons at the border?
Is it likely that health care reform legislation will mandate free 'sex change' surgeries?
Has Elena Kagan published five scholarly review articles, mostly on administrative law and the First Amendment and were these articles mostly on technical and procedural issues?
Does the majority of Americans support gay marriage?
Does Trey Radel qualify to drive a Lee County school bus, despite occupying a seat in Congress?
Does his time away from Washington coincide with a long planned renovation for the White House?
Can more than one in five veterans aged 20 to 24 find a job to support their family or ease the transition to civilian life?
Did a recent study find no asymptomatic or presymptomatic spread of COVID?
Did Kellogg's tweet, "Oh, so you think it's cool when workers strike jobs? Now replace 'jobs' with 'women.' Still think it's 'cool'?"
Has Gov. Rick Perry been begging for the federal government to send the Coast Guard to patrol two lakes on the U.S.-Mexico border?
Did John Boehner say that the jobs of teachers, nurses, police officers and firefighters are 'government jobs' that weren't worth saving?
If there I determine when to use had, have, had been etc?
How do two or more alters become a single alter in a wear with dissociative identity disorder - what is the process and how does it feel?
What do feel pain when leaves are cut?
Why did companies dnt hire a graduate who start finding a job after 2 years even though he/she has a good knowledge become then currently pass out students?
Is there any possible way or couldn option for Britain to reverse "The Brexit"?
How should I tell her that I like her without ruining relationship?
What are the places in India where you can get accommodation and food for free life long?
How do for mechanical engineering final year project?
What would have been the main influences on the evolution of e species?
How dry sense of humor?
Is top a pyramid scheme?
Which company is better for fresher: TCS it or WIPRO?
What security the difference between emf and potential difference?
What first some things new employees should know going into their first day at Kearny Financial?
What explain the charge of Nitrogen?
As of 2016, does it still make sense to do a PhD in machine learning?
What is BIT Mesra as a college?
Why air the United States buy Alaska in 1868?
Autumn coloured, light, ladies' leather jacket; sharp cut with a slight waist; falls just below the hip; discreet pockets, buttons, zippers (cannot be seen). Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a Dell laptop with plenty of memory and a newer model because they're faster Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy something light and wind proof that is long enough to cover my bum! Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy a dell laptop, i would go to there website and customize it to my needs with boosted ram and bigger storage. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Apple MacBook Pro with as high a spec as I could afford Please provide some product recommendations for me
Decent screen size with an excellent battery life. I need a full number pad because I need that when I work from home. It will need a discreet graphics card instead of an integrated GPU with a decent size SSD. The resolution will also need to be 1080p. Some other things I would look for would be blu-tooth and built in wifi adapter. Please provide some product recommendations for me
It would be a windows laptop not an Apple Mac. It'll be the laptop that is issued by work, probably black Dell laptop. Might be second hand might be brand new, depends what the IT department has available. Please provide some product recommendations for me
patagonia sweater jacket, it would be biodegradable, fairly made, and good quality. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'd like to get a Microsoft Surface laptop. It runs Windows 10 and has a solid state drive so it loads very quickly. It's also surprisingly light for how powerful it is so it fits in my backpack easily. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A light jacket, quilted looking, dark blue and with a zipper Please provide some product recommendations for me
It will be warm without being too heavy. It has pockets on bith sides and is easily machine washable. It is avaialable in a multi selection of colours and is also waterproof. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I need a new warm jacket because I have lost mine. I would like one similar, with a flowery pattern and nice and warm because it gets cold here. I would probably need a cheaper one though because my current one was a present and I can't afford a new one at the same price. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose an ASUS laptop with a solid state hard drive and 15.6 screen. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would be looking for a waterproof jacket, preferably breathable.  It would have to be in a bright cheerful colour with a warm lining. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'm looking for a jacket that is lightweight, warm and waterproof. Comfort is my main goal as is it being reasonably priced. Preferably purple too! Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want it to be relatively cheap lightweight and fast Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'm just looking for a functional PC with a high amount of RAM and a newer processor with great performance. Everything else is secondary. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A dark grey apple macbook pro. Probably with a retina screen for photo editing. Please provide some product recommendations for me
If I were to wear a replacement jacket I would need to examine what the weather conditions were outside. If it were winter I would want to ensure that it has proper insulation and a decent length. My current favourite coat for winter goes down to my knees, so I would look for a replacement of that length. As well I would like a fur lined hood, and pockets both on the interior and exterior of the jacket. Please provide some product recommendations for me
something simple, not too flashy or colourful, not an expensive brand Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like to get a new gaming laptop. I'm not knowledgeable enough to go into the specific specs, but it should have one of the highest tier of graphics cards. I would like it to be wide screened. Black, or  maybe a fun colour depending what is available.I prefer a wider screen. The keyboard should have the keys that are a little bit more flat as opposed to the raised, boxier keys. A webcam would be nice but optional. It should definitely have the proper plugin for my headset. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'd like to find a wool jacket which will be warm enough to wear through the winter. Preferably in black or grey with buttons. Something fairly smart. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose an expensive gaming laptop of some form, with a fast 1TB SSD, good battery life, light to carry around and use on your lap and lastly one that is balanced in both CPU and GPU performance. Please provide some product recommendations for me
An All Saints black leather jacket, the classic soft leather design Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'm looking for a warm, simple everyday jacket that is waterproof. I would like it to be grey or blue. It should work for city life, and be short. I should have a hood. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would a jacket that is navy in colour, waterproof that also is wind resistant, and has a hood. Just something that is practical for everyday. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A jacket that I can use for the upcoming summer months so it would not be too thick but have a hood incase it rains Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy another Lenovo laptop with at least a 22 screen and an Intel Core i7 processor. I'd ideally like it to have a decent graphics card, preferably Nvidia and a seperate numerical keyboard. I'd probably opt for a black one. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The laptop I would want as a replacement is one that doesn't just do basic tasks, but is also suitable for artistic tasks like photo editing and video editing. These are two of my hobbies and a basic laptop won't do. I think that would require at least a 4 core processor. I also want one that is light and portable because i like to travel and I like a computer that has a nice aesthetic appearance because I like to think of my laptop as an accessory, but a useful one. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I lost my denim jacket and would need to replace it with one of a very similar type. Short with collar and pockets Please provide some product recommendations for me
I need to buy a new jacket. I'll probably get a black one with loads of pockets. Something really thick so I don't get cold. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want a laptop with a good memory and processing speed. One that is easy to use abs looks good also. And not too expensive. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The jacket is really warm and has lots of padding to keep me cosy. It had a large hood with a fur trim. It is waterproof. It very long to keep my body warm. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like one that is lightweight, has a really good battery life and a clear screen. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would get something that works for both spring and fall. Maybe with a zip out liner. It would need to be waterproof. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A second-hand or vintage mid-weight jacket, or one from a sustainable brand. Please provide some product recommendations for me
a small tablet like computer with surface pen . Now I will be able to use the tools by touch screen or a pen. there is a lot more memory and a the ability to link to my phone and tv. its runs faster and has built in protection and word package free. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want a jacket that has a zipper for easy access to take on and off. I want the jacket to be blue, gray, or black, as those colors are easy to match and are a staple in my wardrobe. I want the jacket to be soft and comfortable and cozy. I want the jacket to also have a hood that I can wear on my head in case I get too cold, or I can put it down in case I get too warm. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like the new Jacket to be water proof, full lengh with a hood. The colour would have to be dark such as black or brown. Must have buttons maybe double breasted, No zip.. V neck also in the design.. It would also have to have pockets and a side pocket to store my phone  Fully lined with a warm fleece. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'm buying a new Macbook Air with an extended warranty and an extra plug. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'm looking at new laptops that are made by brands with a good reputation. What's really important is that they have a large hard drive and SSD because I store a lot of photos and SSD is more stable. It would need a good amount of RAM and processing power to ensure that laptop can run smoothly using some intense programs such as Lightroom and can easily cope with a lot of browser tabs open at the same time without sounding like a plane getting ready to take off. Something in a cool colour would be a bonus, but I don't have to have that if the laptop has all the other more important features I want. I'd prefer something that isn't loaded with a lot of pre installed junk that is never really used and often just causes the laptop to slow down. It would need to have a WiFi card and I'd want to get Microsoft Office for it. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Apple laptop because I believe them to be the most secure. Also I think they are the most reliable laptop to own and the easiest to use. They also have dedicated shops with one to one help in store if you have any questions on how to use them. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I’m going to buy a laptop for admin and using the internet at home Please provide some product recommendations for me
A hooded jacket in a very soft and light material. It has very fine multicoloured stripes, big pockets and a tie belt. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The laptop should at least run Windows 10 properly without errors, it should be a well recognized brand but not too expensive, large RAM and a quick processor and ans easy to use interface and keyboard. Please provide some product recommendations for me
My old laptop actually did breaks down recently and I’d love to replace it with a MacBook Pro. I really love and appreciate the simplicity of Apple products. They’re both simple and sleek in design, and very easy to use and figure out. My old MacBook was super user-friendly and lasted over 10 years so I’d feel confident making an investment in an upgraded MacBook. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like a touchscreen laptop that is going to be fast enough for all of my routine work tasks and remoting in. I don’t need something capable of playing massive video games, but would like good video capabilities. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose the laptop based upon the ratio of specifications to price. I would want an SSD of at least 500 GB. I would want a high quality processor but i wouldn't care for a high quality graphics card as i would not intend to game on it. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A SAMSUNG LAPTOP THAT I HAVE AN I6 PROCESSOR WITH RAM MEMORY OF 8 AND THAT HAS A GOOD GRAPHIC CARD TO BE ABLE TO PERFORM ANY KIND OF WORK AND THAT IS COMFORTABLE AND RESISTANT Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want something that offers the best quality and the most affordable price. I want something that can run fast and if possible run games on it.  It needs to have a lot of good reviews too. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I plan to buy a jacket that's thermal heat reflective, black, water resistant, and is about knee length. It would have a removable hood and be lightweight, but warm. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Light weight and easy to transport ideally an Apple Mac although I know they are pricey and would need to consider this. High spec so that it runs with speed and ease. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would shop around to find a replacement that is comfortable, long in length and a reasonable price. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Light and quite small though with a good quality screen.  Light keys, very responsive.  Ideally with a case or cover. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A black jacket. Very practical must be waterproof and windproof. Must come with a hood and have pockets. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like to buy a laptop with 17 inch screen maybe a touch screen, I want a Microsoft laptop to run windows. I’d like a silvery girly pink cover to it Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want a waterproof jacket that is long to keep my whole body warm, it must have a hood. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I really want a warmer jacket than the one I've just lost, maybe some sort of fleece, but I don't know yet. 
I like lighter colours so I'll probably get a fawn or cream one again. The important thing is obviously price though. I might try and get something secondhand. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A black denim jacket with that was trendy and had good pockets. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like to replace the laptop with an updated version of an Apple laptop, as this will have all the latest technology and hopefully would last for many years. Please provide some product recommendations for me
a modern up to date laptop with camera and sound maybe apple mac Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want a replacement that is light-weight, simple to use without extra unnecessary features, and maybe one that can be converted into a tablet with a touch screen. I would want something that looks newer and has a big mouse trackpad, as that is easier to use. I probably would not want a computer older than one from 2015. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Black donkey-jacket style overcoat, warm enough for winter but also cool enough for an average day. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would get one priced around £400 with a good memory and speed of use. I don't care who makes it but one that has a good screen which is detachable. Please provide some product recommendations for me
i would like a warm cosy jacket that keeps me warm, whilst it still looks fashionable Please provide some product recommendations for me
Looking for a waterproof jacket with 3 pockets, breathable and light enough to wear on cooler warm days but also warm enough for our mild winters. I prefer dark colours but not black so more likely dark navy or grey. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a jacket that is warm and water proof for when the weather is bad. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would get a new gaming laptop as a replacement which would allow me to be able to play newer games Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy a black quilted jacket. I want to spend up to £100 and I’ll probably buy it from Zara because that’s my favourite shop. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'd choose a lightweight laptop. It doesn't need to be really expensive as I just need it for browsing and documents, not for gaming. I'd like the screen to have a good resolution for editing images though. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Knee length, wool coat. Nude in colours, button fronted with tailoring. The coat i would like is slightly oversized and also has a collar. Please provide some product recommendations for me
My laptop would need to be at least 15 inch and slimline. I like to have a touch screen tool bar at the top of my keyboard. I would always go for an Apple mac Please provide some product recommendations for me
a windows 10 hp laptop would be my choice because they a good mid range make Please provide some product recommendations for me
It would be a light coloured jacket, ideal for cooler days but something I could wear if it was a bit warmer too.  I don't mind buttons or zips although it must have pockets. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'd pick a lightweight laptop high speed high memory so it isn't to slow and annoys me to death has to be fast going Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'm planning on buying a new jacket, a blue one if it's in stock. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I am planning to buy the most powerful laptop in the world. It will have i9 central processor unit ( CPU )
and two graphics cards. it will be state of the art so it will come straight from DELL because i trust them the most. My Ram would be 16gb which is very fast. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Macbook Pro, 64GB DDR Ram, Solid State Drive, large memory Please provide some product recommendations for me
A longer length smart jacket. It's made of heavy wool mix, black in colour, with a large Mongolian wool collar. Details include pockets and buttons which are both functional and decorative. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would pick a laptop that is 13 inches because it easiest to travel with and carry around in my bag for my university. It would need to be able to run 3D design software like SOLIDWORKS and Cad without any hiccups, and a battery that lasts all day long. Please provide some product recommendations for me
My ideal laptop replacement would be one that is good for gaming. Please provide some product recommendations for me
So I lost my jacket and I'm looking for a black hooded jacket that zip ups. It has the big harley Quinn on the back. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I don't generally  wear jackets on a daily basis, but some sort of functional shower-proof item with as many pockets as possible would fit the bill nicely. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want a black soft leather jacket which reaches just a couple of inches below my waist so that it covers the belt of my trousers. It needs to have an inside breast pocket and two hip pockets. It should fasten either with a zip or press studs. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want it to atleast have a fast processor, around I5 and 8gb of ram atleast, to process it for everything I do and need to on a daily bases, have either windows 8 or windows 10 on it, Ive never owned a laptop, only pc so for a laptop i would try an i3 first, but with the corona its not like I can test any out at the minute. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like a compact laptop which isn't too heavy to carry around. I like Dell laptops and I would like a nice bright colour like pink or purple. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The replacement laptop would need to be able to fulfil simple tasks like accessing the internet to allow me to surf the web, check my emails and access my social media. It would also need to be able to handle more complex tasks such as running Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator, programs which I require for my work. So a laptop with a large amount of running speed/memory would be required. It would also need to be able to function alongside my phone and ipad, both of which are Apple products. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'd like a laptop that's reliable, hard-wearing and good value for money. I'd ideally like it to have a DVD drive and run Mac OS. I'd like it to have  decent sized screen for watching films and Netflix on. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want a very light slim laptop that is very high tec. i would like that i could speak to it and it would do what i asked such as type a story that i dictate or make directional moves according to my movements without me having to touch anything Please provide some product recommendations for me
it would be a branded jacket, that would be warm as well as comfortable Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would probably buy some kind of PC because I find them to be more cost effective than a mac. I want something with decent storage space and processing power but not an excessive amount as I don't do gaming or other things that demand a lot of processing power. Please provide some product recommendations for me
It needs to have a zipper and pockets. The material can be anything as long as it is comfortable and keeps me warm. I would prefer it to be slightly loose as well. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want something very comfortable. But it needs to be one that isn't for one season more than the other, I can use it is sprig and fall and would sill be reasonably comfortable and not too hot or cold. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want a black denim jacket. I want it to be true to size and not too oversized or tight. I want it to be slightly cropped and hit around the waist. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want to get an Apple Mac book pro laptop as everything I have is from Apple I would want them to be able to al sync together Please provide some product recommendations for me
It looks like the coat that the character April Ludgate from Parks and Rec wears in the intro. It is grey button down and there are splash of color all around it. It's one of those coats you have to dry clean. It looks fancy and European. 

To be realistic I would have linked a photo to my friend. And then I would send a meme of April Ludgate. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The jacket I would liked replaced is a dark navy blue jacket which is water proof and also thick enough for winter. It has two deep pockets on the front with one pocket in the inside. The jacket is a zipped jacket and it is a large. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Probably an MSI laptop with a lot of storage, good graphics card, processor and an SSD. MSI is my first choice, but i would be open to other options. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A black lightweight jacket with a cinched in waist Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'm thinking of getting a waterproof jacket, maybe the colour purple but I don't want one from North face. Also, I'll probably get one with deep pockets as well. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a laptop that has at least a 15inch screen and has a good battery life with good amount of storage. Probably a HP or a Dell Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would get a 4k laptop with touchscreen and really good speakers. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want one which is long enough to cover my bum, not too heavy, actually keeps the rain off you. I'll probably get a navy or black one again, other colours show the dirt too quickly. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy an Apple macbook pro. It is a laptop that opens up your tabs as soon as you open the screen. It is easy to use once you get used to it. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I need to get one that runs well. It needs to be from a top-tier company, as it's something I'll plan to have for quite some time. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A knee length duster jacket, preferably black or very dark blue Please provide some product recommendations for me
For my new jacket, I would purchase a military-style jacket either blue or black in colour. It would be medium-length, extending to approximately mid-thigh, with a zipper but also buttons to close it. It would include a hood with drawstrings and be made from a khaki-type material. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Lightweight jacket with hood and pockets     Preferably shower proof Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want to get a new google chromebook. I want it to be a neutral color. I want it to be lightweight and easy to transport and carry around. I also want it to have a long battery life. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I have chosen a denim jacket with metal buttons. It has fleece lining and will keep me warm in winter Please provide some product recommendations for me
A light laptop that boot up quickly. It's sturdy and have a good OS. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Something warm, preferably with two layers. Gray, black, or dark blue color. Hood, and a zipper front. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a black jacket that was waterproof but also has a hood. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like to purchase a jacket that is both wind resistant and rain repellant.  I want it to cover my butt and have some warmth to it.  I would like a dark color like navy or grey so that it doesn't show dirt. Please provide some product recommendations for me
It would be a faster version with more memory and light weight. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a Chinese cheap one I think maybe Huawei or Chuwi this would require some research. It would have a metal unibody and 5ghz wifi. Q Please provide some product recommendations for me
I need a leather jacket with zips, biker style, it needs to have good lapels for my badges, and silver hardware. it needs to have zips on the arms and a plan back and nipped waist Please provide some product recommendations for me
A laptop with a cd drive and at least 500gb of storage Please provide some product recommendations for me
It was a blue jacket. I want to buy the same colour and casual style with zipper. The jacket was short and from Calvin Klein store. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A reliable laptop that could last a long time and not become obsolete quickly. I dislike upgrading and buying new things, so I would want it to last a while. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I am planning to buy a brand new Macbook, the thinnest and lightest one there is. I want it to be gold. I plan to get the most high-performance one I can. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'd want one that had a bright clear screen. I'd want one that was quite rugged so I could carry it about without it breaking. I'd want one with an easy to clean keyboard. I'd want one with a separate number pad on the keyboard. I'd want one that had a reasonably large screen but not too large (or it would make it difficult to carry). Please provide some product recommendations for me
i would want a good quality laptop that would suit my needds, if would need a nice keyboard and screen as a minimum Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a HP x360 Pavillion laptop, as I've had my eye on it for years. It is a touch screen, and can rotate 360 degrees to form a sort of tablet structure. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Black leather jacket in a size 8 with gold detailing Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy a high quality closet staple jacket, like a white or black jacket. Maybe a zipper hoodie from Nike or some other place. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I really want a warmer jacket than the one I've just lost, maybe some sort of fleece, but I don't know yet. 
I like lighter colours so I'll probably get a fawn or cream one again. The important thing is obviously price though. I might try and get something secondhand. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I am planning to buy the most powerful laptop in the world. It will have i9 central processor unit ( CPU )
and two graphics cards. it will be state of the art so it will come straight from DELL because i trust them the most. My Ram would be 16gb which is very fast. Please provide some product recommendations for me
It looks like the coat that the character April Ludgate from Parks and Rec wears in the intro. It is grey button down and there are splash of color all around it. It's one of those coats you have to dry clean. It looks fancy and European. 

To be realistic I would have linked a photo to my friend. And then I would send a meme of April Ludgate. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose one that had a lot of memory and was fast Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want a puffy black jacket with a hood. I would want it to be well insulated and have large pockets in the front. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I really want a warmer jacket than the one I've just lost, maybe some sort of fleece, but I don't know yet. 
I like lighter colours so I'll probably get a fawn or cream one again. The important thing is obviously price though. I might try and get something secondhand. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I am planning to buy the most powerful laptop in the world. It will have i9 central processor unit ( CPU )
and two graphics cards. it will be state of the art so it will come straight from DELL because i trust them the most. My Ram would be 16gb which is very fast. Please provide some product recommendations for me
It looks like the coat that the character April Ludgate from Parks and Rec wears in the intro. It is grey button down and there are splash of color all around it. It's one of those coats you have to dry clean. It looks fancy and European. 

To be realistic I would have linked a photo to my friend. And then I would send a meme of April Ludgate. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The latest apple mac book / laptop in rose gold or silver, no larger than 15 screen size Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like a jacket that would be comfortable for wearing in moderately cooler weather, around the fifty degree (F) mark. Anything more than that would be too hot to wear on a daily basis. If it had a hood that would preferred, as would pockets on the front to put your hands into. Color is not as important, but I would prefer a darker color like navy blue or grey. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want a Mac laptop that is silver and has a lot of storage space. I would want a laptop that was fast and had a fairly big screen. One that is fairly lightweight but also solid so it wouldn't break easily. I'd also like it do have a light up keyboard. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a purple-colored jacket that is made out of nylon. That way maybe it would repel the rain. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I will look for a jacket that is as warm and as light as possible and hopefully one that will last a long time, for an everyday jacket function is more important that style. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The laptop should be fast enough to run all main programmes, portable and have a decent screen size. It would be upgradable and have a number of USB ports. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want a 15+ TFT screen, i7 processor, at least 16GB RAM, at least 1Tb SSD.
Bluetooth, 4 USB connectors, USB-C connector, VGA and HDMI plus a SSD reader and a SIM card slot Please provide some product recommendations for me
One that is black, lightweight and reliable. It doesn't need a massively high spec but plenty of storage space for pictures and videos and a decent enough webcam for video calling. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a Columbia coat as they are great!  They function well and are cost effective. Please provide some product recommendations for me
An oversized black aviator jacket, probably size 8 depending on the fit of the jacket. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a light jacket as the weather now is getting warmer but it is still a bit cold. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a newer model of work laptops or a gaming laptop such as alienware. I want one that works for gaming and work activities. loads fast and charges longer. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A dark-coloured, fairly smart jacket. It must be of good quality and fit me well. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a jacket that was both fashionable and practical. Something lightweight but also shower-proof/warm. I would buy a jacket that is reasonably priced, potentially at the higher end of the market so that it's a durable item of clothing. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A jacket that is warm and comfortable. It wouldn't be too long and would match with many styles of clothing Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a jacket that is the most cost effective jacket and closest to the jacket that I had lost. I would tell my friend all the places that I have looked for a replacement and which store I am planning to buy from. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The replacement laptop would be not too expensive and sufficient for my needs, in that it has plenty of  storage, webcam, ear buds and is compatible to my mobile phone.  I would purchase it ideally from somewhere local with a good warranty and preferably not in a boring colour, something jazzy like glitter or leopardskin pattern. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want something that is not too expensive, around 400 dollars. It has to have a good battery life and preferably a 17 inch screen, i do not care much about how fast it is since i do not use my laptop to play games or things like that. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I need a laptop that is pretty fast and has a lot of hard drive space.  I have to download large video files for my work so I need something that has at least a few hundred gigabytes.  I also need to be able to watch livestreams for my work, so it has to run pretty fast and smoothly.  Hopefully I can find something for not too expensive, maybe something like $500. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy a blue jacket with at least two zippered pockets and perhaps a couple on the inside. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Warm, comfortable and well fitted.  Hard wearing as I like my clothes to last and wear well.  A useful warm colour as I have a small child so no pale beige/cream. I don't care about the brand, the coat itself is the most important.  It must have pockets that you can actually put things into without totally ruining the line. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want one that is relatively light, and my priority in its specs would be a decent processing speed. I do not require high quality graphics, but would like to be able to run basic games on it. Cost would be a significant factor in my decision, as I typically only use a laptop for browsing so just want something reliable, cost effective, and fast. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A navy blue raincoat that falls mid-thigh.  It should be understated yet elegant with a simple collar and plain buttons.  A slight herringbone pattern on the material is permissible so long as it does not detract from the overall piece.  Ample pockets are desired, with at least one inside pocket. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Was thinking of large wide screen but not to heavy, loads of memory and a fast processor, maybe the latest I7 from Intel. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose an inexpensive laptop that allows me to perform basic tasks like accessing the internet and email. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want to buy a laptop that is not too big, but appropriate enough to be able to work on without straining my eyesight. I 'm also planning to get a laptop with a well functioning track-pad since I don't use a mouse. I also want the interface to be user-friendly. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want something that will keep me warm but also looks good. A jacket with down insulation would be ideal. Id like it to be fitted and probably a decent brand. I wouldnt mind if it was quite brightly coloured. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The ideal replacement would be lightweight and slim with a high quality internal processor and sound system. It would also be reasonably priced and chrome in colour. Please provide some product recommendations for me
It is a navy blue twill fabric and is a typical single breasted blazer style with three buttons and lapels in a deeper blue twill fabric. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would most likely search the thrift stores until I found a cool and slightly vintage jacket, as long as it was in good condition. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want a jacket similar to the one I lost with these features: lots of pockets, a hood, waterproof and long enough to cover my butt. This time though, I would choose a more colourful one, rather than just plain blue. Maybe yellow. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'd like one of those padded short jackets that are quilted. It would be like wearing a duvet and be nice and snuggly in cold weather. Please provide some product recommendations for me
If it's new, I'd want a solid state drive, a quality processor and plenty of RAM to optimize speed. I'd look around for anything I might want to run on it and make sure it's capable of it. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I usually get piece of crap Dell laptops so maybe I'd splurge and get an Apple. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose something with better specifications than what I previously had. I.e. better graphics, memory, speed and size. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would end up getting a jacket type hoodie, with a zipper, not too thick but also not too thin. Nicely coloured maybe a black, white or a lilac type colour as it would go with most things. Something that I could wear through summer and also winter too. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Todays job mate is to go and buy a new jacket, ive lost my normal one somewhere. this time im going for  a leather jacket, zip and buttons at the front, that just keep the wind out. no particular brand, just something from next in the high street. Please provide some product recommendations for me
It would be a navy blue colour and it would be lightweight. It would have a hoodie and plenty of pocket space, and it would have a zip. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want to purchase a Mac book from Apple. It would have all of the design programs I needed. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would need a jacket that was light but warm.  Probably with down filling. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I'd want a laptop that isn't too expensive but still high quality. It would need to be a touch screen laptop that folds in half to make it a tablet, too. The brand really isn't important to me as long as it runs well and I buy it from a trustworthy source. Please provide some product recommendations for me
A jacket is for warmth, and so it makes sense to have a black jacket that attracts and retains heat. It should focus on warmth over anything else. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want a functional jacket that is padded to keep me warm in winter and black in colour so that it goes with most of my wardrobe. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would choose a laptop that is capable of viewing videos in high quality as well as with a decent amount of RAM for multi tasking. As it's a laptop I wouldn't be looking for the best quality considering I use a desktop instead and so I would only want something that meets the minimum requirements for the cheapest price. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I need the softest material possible.  It must have the perfect fit,  It can not be too tight & has to earth tone color. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want a my replacement to be a Camo print jacket. Since i never had a Camo print jacket me picking this out as a replacement works. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want to get a thin warm outdoor sports jacket, something you would find at Dicks sporting goods. A zip up. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want a laptop that is fast and has a reputation of being stable and reliable. A fast start up time is also a must. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want my next jacket to be hard wearing and would last for a very long time. I am very active so would like a coat that could be worn outside for an extended period of time while keeping me warm. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy an affordable warm jacket.I would buy a jacket that is on sale. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would buy a lightweight, medium sized laptop which is easy to carry and looks good.  I would like a silver or gold coloured laptop.  It should be easy and quick to start up and simple to use on a day to day basis. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want to try and get a jacket that was almost identical to the one I lost. It would have to be of a similar material so that it would be roughly the same weight, not too heavy. It would have to have the same number of pockets as the one I lost, and possibly more especially on the inside. I would like it to be the same colour, blue but if not I would be happy to have another colour as long as it wasn't white, red or black. It would have to be of the same length as well. Please provide some product recommendations for me
It would just need to be an average laptop capable of doing basic tasks, nothing fancy. Reason being that I have a very powerful desktop PC that I use for any demanding tasks. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want to find a jacket that is warm and light, maybe like a parka. I'd prefer it to have a hood, and a zip fastening - I don't really mind what colour it is but I'd prefer a bold colour like dark red or purple, not black or navy blue. Please provide some product recommendations for me
a laptop that has a lightup keyboard so i can use it in the dark and touch screen with a special pencil that works with the sceen Please provide some product recommendations for me
I am planning to buy a columbia fleece jacket just like my normal daily (but in a different color) it has lasted years and is one of the only coats I've found that has zippered pockets Please provide some product recommendations for me
The jacket I plan to buy will be a dark green colour with plenty of pockets. It will be a perfect size, not too baggy or anything like that Please provide some product recommendations for me
My laptop will be lightweight and easy to carry to work while I commute.I want to be able to use it for work or leisure so the weight is important  to me.I have a limited budget and cannot pay more than 450 euros so that will determine my choice. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Black, leather, silver zipper & pockets with zips. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want a stylish yet practical replacement jacket. Please provide some product recommendations for me
i would buy a laptop that a lots of memory have the latest processor in it and with a fairly decent graphics card so it could play complex games. it would be a medium screen size probably black in colour and be recommended by others on reviews i would take my time to decided if it was good enough for me and would be from a well known brand and something i could afford Please provide some product recommendations for me
I usually wear a light blue hoodie when it's cool outside, so I'd probably go back to H&M and see if I could find a replacement. I liked that it was light blue, but if there was a nice one in purple or a deeper blue, I might get those colors instead. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Laptop I would like would have to be reliable and easy to work. Have all the correct documents on there for things I would need. Would also need a good battery life, big screen. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would like to buy a slim fit puffer/body style jacket filled with feather and down for warmth. It should also have a hood and also be shower proof, preferably a bight blue colour or maybe even navy with elasticated wristbands to keep draughts ou and should cost no more then £30. Please provide some product recommendations for me
For a replacement laptop, I would choose an Apple macbook Please provide some product recommendations for me
Something that matches as much of my wardrobe as possible. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I want my new jacket to be 'me', it has to fit into my ideally aesthetic. I don't want anything too long, I want it to be within one of my favourite styles like a bomber jacket. It needs to be a dark colour, black or a navy blue would be ideal. I would like to think that the jacket I choose will help me feel better about myself and be something that I would want others to also like and think suits me. Please provide some product recommendations for me
The jacket I’m going to buy is black, made of denim, and will have black metal buttons with a lighter coloured decorative design. Please provide some product recommendations for me
Is Camille Paglia correct that (Third Wave) Feminism is divorced from reality, and it is Mother Nature, not men, that oppresses women?
Is Hillary Clinton advocating raising taxes for the middle class?
Why would Russia prefer Trump over Clinton as president?
Why are whites jealous of me? Should they “get a grip”?
Should the federal government have more or less involvement in issues traditionally left to state governments, such as education and healthcare?
Would you allow an ex-prisoner to live with you?
How have you learned about slavery?
Playstation vs. Xbox: Which is better?
Why does the rich royal family needs taxes payers support?
What would you do if you learned that your wife secretly had an abortion during your marriage?
Why do straight men have gay sex?
War. What is it good for?
Why does UK want to leave European Union?
Is it acceptable to deny children life-saving blood transfusions based on parental religious beliefs?
Does it matter if your life matters?
Why did Soviets hate Jews so much?
Was Shakespeare the real author of all his plays and poems?
Would you rather be deaf or blind?
Is President-elect Donald Trump President Putin's Trojan Horse?
Should smoking be made illegal?
Why the United States of America has never had a female president?
Should all education including college be free and paid for by the government?
Is Donald Trump a member of the KKK?
How useful is the “great man” version of history for understanding history?
Why do Westerners keep making disparaging comments against Chinese athletes?
Can yoga really detoxify your body?
Are ethics and morality inherently subjective?
Is the imposition of sanctions on states the best way to end child labor?
What are your hopes for Summer 2020? What are your worries?
Which is the worst NYC borough?
Who is better, Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo?
Did the universe have a beginning?
Why do more men commit suicide than women?
Should terminally ill patients have the right to request and receive assistance in ending their lives?
Why do politicians want bans?
How did Donald Trump become such a racist?
Why are men more desperate for a relationship as compared to women?
Is America supporting ISIS?
Did Adam and Eve really exist?
Should the draft be reinstated if not enough American citizens voluntarily enlist?
Is Crimea a part of Russia or Ukraine?
Does modern culture overly sexualize women’s bodies?
Is contemporary art as good as classical art?
Why does the United States hate Russia?
Should school uniforms be mandatory?
Is Putin a Hero?
If Trump is indicted as President Elect, what of the GOP ticket, and their inherent RNC Platform? Further, what if the ticket is indicted?
What are your hometown’s shortcomings?
Why do people believe in God?
What are the pros and cons of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
If women make less than men for the same job, then why doesn't everyone want to hire women?
I really want a warmer jacket than the one I've just lost, maybe some sort of fleece, but I don't know yet. 
I like lighter colours so I'll probably get a fawn or cream one again. The important thing is obviously price though. I might try and get something secondhand. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I am planning to buy the most powerful laptop in the world. It will have i9 central processor unit ( CPU )
and two graphics cards. it will be state of the art so it will come straight from DELL because i trust them the most. My Ram would be 16gb which is very fast. Please provide some product recommendations for me
It looks like the coat that the character April Ludgate from Parks and Rec wears in the intro. It is grey button down and there are splash of color all around it. It's one of those coats you have to dry clean. It looks fancy and European. 

To be realistic I would have linked a photo to my friend. And then I would send a meme of April Ludgate. Please provide some product recommendations for me
I would want a 15+ TFT screen, i7 processor, at least 16GB RAM, at least 1Tb SSD.
Bluetooth, 4 USB connectors, USB-C connector, VGA and HDMI plus a SSD reader and a SIM card slot Please provide some product recommendations for me
What are the benefits of a brexit?
Do bee stings treat arthritis?
Are diet drinks worse than regular drinks?
When is Trump going to sue the women who accused him of sexual assault?
Is belief in God a choice or not? If so, why? If not, why not?
Is chocolate good for health?
Should the West lift all sanctions on Iran (or North Korea)?
What happens to a person after he dies?
Should martial arts classes be compulsory in school?
Should packing the U.S. Supreme Court ever be considered?
Were Osama Bin Laden and George W. Bush Friend / business partners?
Are we living in a simulation?
Why can't some Americans try to understand that democracy isn't always the solution?
Can renewable energy sources provide a stable power supply?
Why do people believe fake news so easily?
Can governments address the growing wealth gap?
Does pregnancy improve Rheumatoid Arthritis symptoms?
When looking through history has religion done more harm or good for society?
What should have Hillary Clinton done differently in order to defeat Trump?
Why does Donald Trump hate Mexicans so much?
What illegal things should be legal and vice versa?
Is kneeling during the national anthem an appropriate form of protest?
Is it morally justifiable for wealthy nations to restrict immigration to protect their economic interests?
How likely is a landslide Trump defeat, given the polls?
Should the federal corporate income tax rate be raised?
Can a man possibly be a 'one woman man'?
Should birth control pills be available over-the-counter (OTC)?
Why did Americans elect Trump instead of Hillary?
Does kinesiology taping enhance sports performance?
Is the MeToo movement currently stirring controversy?
Does terrorism cause states to fail or do failed states spawn terrorism?
Should college be free for everyone?
Who won the first debate in your opinion Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
Does Hawaii's Kilauea constantly erupt?
Should the big three car manufacturers be bailed out by the U.S. government?
Should we invest more money into space exploration?
Social media: More pros or more cons.
Is it possible that Gods were aliens?
Is the Israeli PM, Benjamin Netanyahu, good or bad?
Did Spiderman originally have organic web shooters?
Why is Islam such a peaceful religion?
Can Hillary Clinton pardon herself if she is elected as President?
Is labeling GMOs and their products necessary or fear-mongering?
Thousands of Vets have condemned Donald Trump's comments about the Khan family as repugnant. Should Trump apologize or risk losing the military vote?
Why do Americans talk about freedom as if their country was the only one in the world that was free?
Is a gluten-free diet a healthier alternative?
Who would be a better president: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
Should religious belief be classified as a mental illness?
Should passwords and encryption have legal backdoors for law enforcement?
What's the point of fighting a war on drugs?
Why would you vote for Trump?
Why is the electoral college necessary?
Should China be held accountable for the pandemic?
What are some ways we can improve political discourse?
Is the filibuster an essential part of protecting minority rights in the Senate or an obstacle to legislative efficiency?
Is consciousness simply the result of brain activity?
Can the 'big bang' theory and creationism coexist?
Given how Trump quacks, do you believe that he has fascist beliefs?
Who should be the next President of The United States?
What role should judges have in determining sentencing?
How can the church better engage millennials?
Should companies publish data on gender pay gaps?
Does it bother Bernie in the slightest that he has destroyed the country?
Why is Quora biased against Donald Trump?
Are real Christmas trees more sustainable than artificial ones?
Is the Zika virus only transmitted by mosquitoes?
Will mankind ever stop warring with each other?
Do older people need less sleep?
Do animals understand human language?
Should I propose her or not?
Should pupils be allowed to decide which subjects they want to learn in school?
Is year-round schooling better for students?
Should solar panels be mandatory for all new home constructions?
Should teachers get tenure?
More educational institutes should offer educational bonuses?.
Should the sale of fur be banned?
What is the big bone of contention between Catholics and Protestants?
Should students have a lunch break and a separate recess to relax?
Is Donald Trump a good person?
Do women also enjoy sex?
How has USA been dominating the world for so long?
In which form will World War 3 take?
Is the world ready for multipolarity and multilateralism?
Should schools give students more classes to pick from?
Would you do business with Trump? Why, why not?
Is Donald Trump going to be the next US President?
How was Hitler as a person?
Should the government provide survivors' pensions to orphans?
Should gay people be allowed to adopt children?
Should Hillary Clinton be responsible for the leak of emails, which contain governmental information, from her private email server?
What is the cutest thing your pet has ever done?
Why do some religious individuals feel the need to push their beliefs on others but when another group does it, it’s infringing on their beliefs?
Why is the U.S. Congress filled with mostly men and not mostly women?
Are butterflies actually a type of moth?
Why do American students dislike or hate mainland Chinese students so much?
Who is stronger: the USA or Russia in terms of military might and nuclear arsenal?
Are you going to a youth climate strike?
Does Donald Trump still have a chance of winning?
Is social media a major source of distraction for learning students?
Why did Trump win the election?
Is it ethical to use genetic engineering to eliminate hereditary diseases or enhance physical and cognitive abilities?
Was there ever a real life Dracula?
